good guys before starting the video
I wanted to inform you that I have
presented for a DJ contest
playing at a festival is my dream so
I'm going to leave the link in the description
so you can vote for me please if you can
you only need one click or in your
facebook account and you're done if we arrived
to the 300 laity I promise that we are going to
make an interactive special with
you in which you are going to be
also here in the channel already afterwards if
we got it subscribed to the bases and
all of that so we just go with the
video there are already very good at all
companions that as you are
welcome back to the channel a new
video of geometries in which we are going to
play at a level that has nine
stars and that is a super road hit
easy thrown here you have the idea that it is
2 million 74 thousand 976 and we go to the mess
ok is one thing that here give us a
portal and we do not have to indicate in the
last orb that blue that you have seen
ok we do not have to click there and that's it
there we jump good we should have
I do not know why he has not jumped
but it would be do not let me jump in there because
to see this why
it jumped Host
it's good and now I'm short
shit
Come on now I've gone through what rage
uncle
white
very cool
fuck a tad more all
it's okay guys okay to look now
we are in the perfect ship there has been
connected one personal
and well there you have to leave us like that
as it is worth you have to see the video
because you have to wait for a portal and
all that because it's not like that all the time
ok now we should go through a
wall as of one of the black squares
that ss and now we're automatically going
down it's worth it because now it will come out
an interrogation and what we will have to
to do is follow down afterwards from
interrogation so that to catch a
portal that will put us the small ship
like this and we upload it is worth it and already so not
we have to do anything worth it already if
do you want to remove the video or do what
you can do it because you already
I say there's nothing else
As you can see, it's just that there, if not
we would have had the small ship if
we would not have taken the portal and if
we would have died but as we had it
and his outfit is not dead and nothing else
guys here you have it complete level
the truth is that they are not stars almost
free because I have cost two minutes
41 that is a shit worth 20 attempts and
9 stars that is a barbarity
Adam Szalai forgive that hot and like here
It has choked me that you are freaking out
and here is again the idea is worth
these millions 74 thousand 966 now yes I have
well said that before I tower and nothing else
guys, I hope you liked the
video if it's been like that
subscribe do not forget to vote and we
we see in the next video bye bye
m